Add release notes for 0.283 (#20402)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/release/release-0.283.rst

* Fix join output in RandomizeNullKeyInOuterJoin rule. It will fix failures with the message "Not all left output variables are before right output variables" when ``randomize_outer_join_null_key`` is enabled.
* Fix join re-ordering issues observed when dynamic filtering is turned on.
* Improve performance of getting resource group metrics.
* Add a optimizer rule `RemoveIdentityProjectionsBelowProjection` to remove identity projections under project node.
* Add a session parameter `use_broadcast_when_buildsize_small_probeside_unknown` to choose join distribution type This session is default to false. When enabled, broadcast join will be chosen when one side of input is within broadcast limit and the other side is unknow.
* Add function :func:`any_keys_match`.
* Add function :func:`any_values_match`.
* Add option to add partial row number node for row number node with max count limit, enabled by session parameter `add_partial_node_for_row_number_node_with_limit`.
* Add string functions :func:`starts_with` and :func:`ends_with`.
* Add support for broadcast join in Presto-on-Spark/Velox execution path.

> * Add support for internal authentication using JWT. Can be configured using configs "internal-communication.jwt.enabled=[true/false]" and "internal-communication.shared-secret=<shared-secret-value>".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add support for internal authentication using JWT. Can be configured using configs `internal-communication.jwt.enabled=[true/false]` and `internal-communication.shared-secret=<shared-secret-value>`.
```

Author: updated

* Add support for worker isolation by configuring leaf and intermediate worker pools.
* Add timeout for HBO optimizer, timeout set by session parameter `history_based_optimizer_timeout_limit`.
* Added new property `native-execution-broadcast-base-path` which is used to specify base path for temporary storage of broadcast data for presto-on-spark native execution.
* Remove support for Presto Server RPM.

> * Emove 'Experimental' Prefix from Dynamic Filtering as It's Now Stable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Remove 'Experimental' Prefix from Dynamic Filtering as It's Now Stable.
```

Author: updated

> * Iceberg catalogues which use Hadoop or Nessie as catalogs now support reading from and writing to S3 with the same configuration options as the Hive catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add support for Hive S3 configuration to Iceberg Hadoop and Nessie catalogs.
```

Author: updated

Hive Changes
____________
* Fix a bug where the ParquetWriter throws "Size is greater than maximum int value" error when the table is large.
* Add Prestissimo support to write Parquet table storage format.
* Add support for the TTL of Alluxio SDK cache.

JDBC Changes
____________

> * Add cache support for jdbc metadata calls. This can be enabled by configuring parameter `metadata-cache-ttl`, `metadata-cache-refresh-interval` and `metadata-cache-size`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add cache support for JDBC metadata calls. This can be enabled by configuring parameter `metadata-cache-ttl`, `metadata-cache-refresh-interval` and `metadata-cache-size`.
```

Author: updated
